Lyndsay cash Dallas Cowboys TV reporter
joins us now and speaking of rare birds
they hope they have won at a certain
wide receiver and a wide receiver would
be Devon Street the rookie has made some
very good impression
had a chance to sit down with him this
past week in Oxnard before McCain will
to talk about where he really thinks
he's going to
at this point of the preseason fans and
onlookers
diamonds
Cowboys roster if you could pay close
attention little sparkles rookie wide
receiver Devon Street they have got your
eyes I think Oh a lot of town just from
and it's not from just thinking it just
from seeing just watching the tape
seeing guys you know making tough plays
across the board day in and day out in
his NFL debut for Street had four
catches for 43 yards averaging ten yards
grab he was one of the real surprises he
always can't wait till they put on the
uniform and actually go against another
team and he performed the way we hoped
he did before Street is smart
on the office well
we've been really impressed with his
ability to pick up the offense and he's
learning behind a couple of
this is not good just because he's
physically
how he attacks the ball every time the
balls in the air he said
you
my opponent come now
as well as passion and then also slur
from Terrence just his game experience
last year he had some bumps in the road
which I talked to him about how to deal
with that looking those out there with
touchdown Cowboys touchdown Terrance
Williams Michaels are
I would be
the name
you saw in his interview Devin stream
looks very calm cool collected but let
me tell you something we had a few
brawls out there at training camp with
the Raiders he turned around and if
Devon Street locked up with safety Larry
Asante out there so don't put it past
these receivers that little chip on
their shoulder a little swagger a little
confident I like what I'm seeing from
this kid now one of the things I think
they've seen from Devon street his
ability to play on the outside as a
rookie so where do you think he does fit
in because there's four receivers that
have been here he's kind of the fifth
where do you see him fitness I see him
staying on the outside Mickey just like
you said I think that was the point of
drafting him was to bring him in learn
behind Terrance learn behind Dez you
heard him in the interview learning a
lot behind Dez and Terrence doing what a
rookie does trying to avoid the things
that Terrence had last year so I think
it stays outside but in our interview he
said my goal is to be a starter so we'll
see where that takes us I think it's an
interesting situation because if things
go well
why's with Dez and Terrence I think he
may be fourth or fifth and receptions
this year but if they don't and one of
those guys goes down for a spell he
jumps up I think because he's playing
outside he jumps ahead maybe Beasley and
Harris in terms of receptions if they
lose one of the outside guy you know you
guys I think that's why what they were
looking for in a receiver in this draft
they were looking for somebody that if
one of the top two guys come down don't
just assume the third guy which now is
Beasley ends up being the starter they
can keep Bailey in that role and now
they've got a bigger receiver on the
outside yes that can probably step in oh
and look at look at his body the way he
moves tonight he's very elusive young
but check it out very smooth way to go
cash flow cash money this week yeah that
was it today's Brad shams mine was
yesterday we just go one after another
enjoy the game
thank you you know